This is the API used to interact with a nightfall network game tracker.
It is based on HTTP GET requests.
Firstly, the type of command that is being sent is defined by the cmd parameter:

"": List current games
"begin": Registers a new game
"update": Updates a registered game
"end": Ends a game
"registertracker": Register a new game tracker

For all but the list games operation, on the first line returned is the potential error code, if the call succeeded, it will be "OK".
Possible error values:
FAIL -- All needed parameters were provided, but the operation failed.
INCOMPLETE CMD -- All needed parameters for the cmd was not provided
UNKNOWN CMD -- The cmd provided was not known

List games
----------

Takes no parameters, just returns the game list in the format described in nightfallnetworkgameinfo.rnc.

Register new game
-----------------

Parameters:
name -- Name of the game
level -- Name of the level
levelhash -- SHA1 hash of the level data
host -- Optional. If not set, the IP the request comes from will be used.
port -- The port the host runs the game on.
maxplayers -- Maximum number of players
freeplayerslots -- Number of additional players that can join the game
freespectatorslots -- Number of additional spectators that can join the game

Returns a unique string that will identify the game, and will be used to identify the game in subsequent requests.
The unique string is a sha1 sum.
NOTE: Is not equal to gameid in the game list.

Update a game
-------------

Parameters:
secretgameid -- The game id returned when registering the game
name -- Name of the game
maxplayers -- Maximum number of players
started -- Whether the game is started or not
freeplayerslots -- Number of additional players that can join the game
freespectatorslots -- Number of additional spectators that can join the game

Returns: Nothing except status code.

End a game
----------

Parameters:
secretgameid -- The game id returned when registering the game

Returns: Nothing except status.

Register a new game tracker
---------------------------

Parameters:
url -- The URL to the game tracker

Returns: Nothing except status code.
